Documentation for adding a new what's new post (#377)
newrelic/docs-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. If you are willing to assist in the process of creating a new page, then follow the instructions above to `Fork` or `Clone` the repo and make your edits.
5. Follow the instructions above to submit a `PR` for your change.

### Adding a "what's new" post

> "What's new", sometimes referred to as "NR1 Announcements", provides a way to communicate new features in New Relic. These posts are displayed [on the documentation site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new) as well as within the product. To add a new post:

Reviewer: I think it would be great to link to where this lives in New Relic One: https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9

This is the primary way we expect people to see these what's new posts.

Reviewer: I'd rewrite this first sentence: 

We use "What's new" posts, or NR1 announcements, to let people know about new features and updates in [New Relic One](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9). You can also find What's new on our [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).

Reviewer: I was spooked when my comments disappeared, but I see they wandered over here :D

Author: Sorry, I should give you some space before I start working on these adjustments 😆

1. If it doesn't exist, create the folder for the current year and month in the [`src/content/whats-new/`](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/tree/develop/src/content/whats-new) directory (i.e. `src/content/whats-new/2020/12` for December 2020).

> 2. Create a markdown file (`.md`) in the desired directory (**note:** this is _not_ a MDX file).

Reviewer: "the desired directory" --> "the right year and month directory"

3. Create your post using markdown and the frontmatter fields outlined below.

> 4. Follow the instructions above to submit a `PR` for your change.

Reviewer: I'd pull the frontmatter stuff up to step 3.

"Add this to the top of your markdown file. This is the frontmatter for what's new posts.
[what's new frontmatter content]"

> 4. Follow the instructions above to submit a `PR` for your change.

Reviewer: I'd rewrite 4.

"Submit a pull request for your new What's new post."

> 4. If you are willing to assist in the process of creating a new page, then follow the instructions above to `Fork` or `Clone` the repo and make your edits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. If you are interested in creating a new page, then follow the instructions above to `Fork` or `Clone` the repo and make your edits.
```

Author: I like the suggestion, but it's outside the scope of the PR. Mind making a new PR? I suspect that sentence is also used in [newrelic/developer-website](https://github.com/newrelic/developer-website/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) as well.

Reviewer: We prefer contractions. "If you're interested..."

2. Create a markdown file (`.md`) in the right year and month directory (**note:** this is _not_ a MDX file).
3. Add this to the top of your markdown file. This is the frontmatter for What's new posts.

| field            | Description
| ---------------- | -----------
| `contentType`    | This value should _always_ be `nr1Announcement` for what's new posts
| `template`       | This value should _always_ be `whatsNew` for what's new posts
| `title`          | The title of the post
| `summary`        | A short summary of the post (shown [within the product](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9) and the [documentation site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new))
| `releaseDate`    | The date of the post in the format `YYYY-MM-DD` (i.e. `2020-12-05` For December 5, 2020)
| `learnMoreLink`  | A link to learn more about the feature being announced (i.e. a link to the blog)
| `getStartedLink` | A link to a relevant documentation site post

> 4. Submit a pull request for your new what's new post.

Reviewer: I think we need to be consistent with our capitalization.

"What's new" does feel a little weird, but I worry that "what's new" just blends in.
